                                                         WINDOWS FORENSICS
MFT
------------
The Master File Table (MFT) is the primary source of metadata in NTFS. It contains or indirectly references everything about a file: 
its timestamps, size in bytes, attributes (such as permissions), parent directory, and contents.

Each NTFS volume will contain its own MFT, stored within the volume root as a file named $MFT.

 NTFS metadata files such as the $MFT are not accessible via Windows Explorer or other standard application programming interface (API) 
 file-access methods. 
 
 SI AND FN TIMESTAMPS
 ---------------------
 
 Fortunately, it is a bit more difficult to manipulate the $FN MACE timestamps
 
 Windows uses its $SI timestamps to set the $FN timestamps for the new MFT entry. Restoring the file to its original location and remodifying ensures that all 
 eight MACE timestamps match the desired values. This trick is often referred to as “double-time-stomping.
 
 $DATA
 -------------
 
 is named $DATA. This attribute typically provides a listing of the clusters on disk wherein a file’s contents reside
 
 Recall that a typical MFT entry has a fixed length of 1,024 bytes. That’s a decent amount of headroom for most files—even given 
 the plethora of attributes it tracks. So for efficiency’s sake, NTFS will actually store the complete contents of files under 
 approximately 700–800 bytes within the $DATA attribute itself
 
 
 $LOG
 -----------
 The NTFS log file, named $LogFile, tracks all transactions that change the structure of a volume. That includes file or directory creation/copy/deletes, 
 changes to file metadata, and changes to INDX records.
 
 $JRNAL
 ----------------
 The Update Sequence Number (USN) journal, named $UsnJrnl, provides a higher-level summary of changes to a volume. A given entry includes the type of change event that occurred, its corresponding timestamp, the file name, its attributes, and the MFT entry identifiers for the file and its parent directory. 
 The journal is located in path \$Extend\$UsnJrnl
 
 
